what happened here , last Tuesday , honourable senators ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of the committee . 
it will not be surprised that the Senate committee and I know what independent rise too . 
i am not so that concern for the time . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
over the next two years in the business that undertaking a senator . 
it is a principle which , as some senators on these important new Senate committee actually sitting in committee . 
i am therefore to note that one of the Senate committee was introduced in the last sitting of the nine of missing . 
it was sent a replacement . 
one name , I do honourable senators . 
i am therefore you did not see that the kind of ? 
that was the fault of their own senators will have to find research . 
one must accept the when it , do a job . 
the women who have proven sitting in the Senate . 
the majority of the men in that duty they will be better remplissaient the Senate . 
i remember that the committee held in February of veterans of the hold to the 1998 . 
it is then sitting in the House of Commons Ni or the Senate . 
all of the committee , they sat in the proceedings of women three senators . 
it is a man was to find the leadership of the Senate committee . 
to answer the question I asked what could cite the words , I say , hon. senator Carstairs took . 
the criteria are as follows : " I asked was Quels ? " 
it was that it was the first report of the address in a representation of women . 
it was on the parliamentary associations wrote that in 1993 . 
at the time of men were only formées delegations Les . 
in this regard , I have been replaced by Senator on Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I will look forward to enter the preferred my association . 
i do not know how about these two reports will be , when the decision or senators honourable House . 
the verdict is that each on television senators . 
in a wondered or any group or journalists of students . 
let us say that ? 
it is true , I think it . 
however , in fact it should be translated . 
i do not think the option to . 
if it in a position to a committee , he should accept or any part provided a senator meetings . 
the words in which we are not the corridors of members : 
today , when there is a committee to study the " and " you vote two years in the final Présentez in committee . 
they do not even know what they are the leaders , but when they stand out their considers stand . 
they just do not know what happened . 
the words " '' , " and " in the Senate are our commitment to continuité speech honourable way . 
in the way we will look at the beginning to address the next two weeks , independent senators . 
i do not do that , if we as parliamentarians who are concerned about the international committee créerai my own business . 
we try to no one can . 
the Honour the Speaker : 
is it the pleasure of the Senate and , if you want to adopt the motion , is any other hon. Senator honourable member ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
